---
title: 'Account Deletion for ''Tiny Boo: Homecoming'''
description: Our goal is to provide transparency and control over your data.
image: /blog-cover/10012.account-deletion-for-tiny-boo.webp
ogImage: /blog-opengraph/10012.account-deletion-for-tiny-boo.png
tags:
  - policy
  - tiny-boo
createdAt: 2025-06-04T22:00:00.000Z
lastUpdated: 2025-06-14T15:14:21.604Z
published: true
trending: false
---

Welcome to the user support page for the "Tiny Boo: Homecoming" app, developed by XPLOIT. Our goal is to provide transparency and control over your data.

### How to Request Account Deletion

If you decide to delete your account in the "Tiny Boo: Homecoming" app, please follow these simple steps:

1. **Write an Email**: Send an email to [games@xploit.ltd](mailto:games@xploit.ltd) with the subject line "Account Deletion Request".
2. **Provide Your Details**: In the email, include your user identifier in the game for verification purposes.
3. **Wait for Confirmation**: After submitting your request, our team will process it and send you a confirmation of account deletion.

### Data to be Deleted

When your account is deleted in "Tiny Boo: Homecoming", the following data will be removed:

* **User Identifier**: This is your unique ID in the game.
* **Linked Account Information**: Any accounts linked to your game profile.
* **Player Progress Information**: All data related to your progress in the game, including levels, scores, and achievements.

### Data Retention Policy

Please note that some data might be retained for legal or regulatory reasons. This includes records of transactions or interactions for a certain period as required by law. However, this data will not be used for operational purposes once your account is deleted.

For further inquiries or assistance, feel free to contact our support team at [games@xploit.ltd](mailto:games@xploit.ltd)

Thank you for playing "Tiny Boo: Homecoming". We're sorry to see you go but respect your decision and are committed to handling your data with care and respect.
